DESCRIPTION:
  The packages source type handles the Packages.gz files of distributions
  using the distribution scheme coming from Debian (e.g. Ubuntu).

  If $d is the directory, then the gatherer looks for Packages.gz files
  in all directories of the form $d/$c/binary-$a/, where $c is an element
  of the list specified by 'components', and $a is a member of the list
  specified by 'archs'.
  If no such directory exists, the gatherer prints a warning message, and
  ignores the directory. Otherwise, it decompresses the Packages.gz
  file and imports the information which is found.
  At the moment, the follwing fields are imported:
    Package
    Version
    Architecture
    Maintainer
    Description
    Source
    Essential
    Depends
    Recommends
    Suggests
    Enhances
    Pre-Depends
    Installed-Size
    Homepage
    Size
    MD5Sum
  If a field is found, which is not one of those, a warning is printed.
  The first 5 fields are considered mandatory, i.e. if one of those
  fields is missing, an exception is raised, and the program gets aborted.
  If one of the other fields is missing, their value is NULL in the database,
  the exceptions being 'source': If this field is missing, the package
  name is being assumed to be equal to the source name.

TERMINOLOGY:
  Distribution: The distributing group, e.g. Debian or Ubuntu
  Release: A release coming from a distribution, e.g. lenny, sid...
  Component: A part of a release, e.g. main, contrib, non-free, universe,
             multiverse

CONFIGURATION:
  directory: The directory denoting the release. Normally a subdirectory of
             the dists directory of a mirror. Contains the sub-directories of
	     the components
  components: The list components to handle. 
  distribution: The distribution these packages belong to
  release: The release these packages belong to
  archs: The list of architectures to handle.
  packages-table: The name of the database table to be filled with the
                  data from Packages.gz files
